Add Asset Store configuration docs (#3935)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/docs/05-05-minio.md

---
title: Minio sub-chart
type: Configuration
---

To configure the Minio sub-chart, override the default values of its `values.yaml` file. 

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents: 
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Sub-charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-sub-chart-overrides)

> >**NOTE:** As Minio is originally an opensource Helm chart, some of its values in Kyma are already overridden in the main `values.yaml` of the Asset Store chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Minio is originally an open-source Helm chart, some of its values in Kyma are already overridden in the main `values.yaml` of the Asset Store chart.
```

---
title: Minio sub-chart
type: Configuration
---

To configure the Minio sub-chart, override the default values of its `values.yaml` file. 

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents: 
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Sub-charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-sub-chart-overrides)

As Minio is originally an open-source Helm chart, some of its values in Kyma are already overridden in the main `values.yaml` of the Asset Store chart.

## Configurable parameters

This table lists the configurable parameters, their descriptions, and default values:

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **secretkey** | Defines the secret key. Add the parameter to set your own **secretkey** credentials. | By default, the **secretkey** is automatically generated. |
| **accesskey** | Defines the access key. Add the parameter to set your own **accesskey** credentials.  | By default, the **accesskey** is automatically generated. |

> 

Reviewer: `the **accesskey** parameter` or just `**accesskey**`?
